Hi guys, and welcome to my channel. Today I wanted to talk about how to make the home amazing. Being a traditional wife is so much more than just cooking and cleaning and wearing house dresses. It is taking your house and making it a home. And not only that, but making your home the most enjoyable place you possibly can for yourself, for your family. That's part of being a traditional wife. We wives budget down hard. I think that is the most realistic part about being a traditional wife is that it's not all glamorous all the time. There is times where you don't get what you want, and that's okay. So instead of always spending all this crazy money at a coffee shop. I used to do that, by the way. I used to do that. We make our coffee at home for the most part. That doesn't mean we don't go out to a coffee shop, like, ever. My husband took me out for my birthday to the mountains. And you know what? I did get a coffee. And it was expensive because it was my birthday. We were celebrating. My husband wanted to treat me, but most of the time I make this bad girl at home. And that is okay. Another thing traditional wives love is aprons. Cause these aprons are like our house uniforms. We know when we put this aprons on, we Mean Business. We are gonna get to cooking. We are Gonna get to cleaning. We are going to scrub this house down. It's so we can wear our beautiful clothes in our home and still protect them with an apron. And you can have such lovely aprons. You can have a whole collection. And it just makes getting ready for the day and putting that thing on, like, so much fun. Traditional wives love dressing up for their husbands even though they are staying at home. And why is that? Because there's just so much to celebrate about being a wife. We are at home so much. Why would we only dress up just to leave the house when we are gonna be around other people? Why wouldn't we dress up to see the most important person of our life, which is our husband? Duh. So we enjoy our time getting ready and being really girly girls and putting on the cute dresses, doing our hair, doing our makeup. And of course, every woman's routine is different. I'm not saying that this is the same for every woman, but we celebrate being at home and we celebrate being wives. Big part of making the most at our home is really taking the things that we would probably do out, like getting our nails done constantly, getting facials and stuff like that. And we try and learn them at home. This is part of budgeting. It's saying yes to some things and saying no to others and learning to do them At home or yourself somehow? So for me personally, I do get my hair highlighted, but I try and do my nails at home. I don't have my nails done right now. I actually just took it off because I'm going to paint my nails after this video. But I have Learned to do that at home because it's something that I started doing recently that has just. It's made me feel so put together, just like looking down and seeing my nails done. But I don't wanna spend that kind of money every two to three weeks to get my nails professionally done when I can just learn it at home. So, you see, there's a give, there's a take, and that is a big part of being a traditional wife. And there's sacrifice with every life. So if you are a career woman, you are sacrificing time at home for your career. And same with traditional wives. We are sacrificing a career for more time at home. But that might mean we have less materialistic things and we are not able to go on fancy vacations as much. That is okay. For example, my husband and I had a humble honeymoon. Yes, you heard that right. Humble honeymoon. That means we did not go to a different country and spend thousands and thousands of dollars on our honeymoon. We actually got the gift to spend the week at, um, my. My husband's uncle's house in Myrtle Beach. And we Went there, and we spent money on excursions and delicious food. But that is considered a humble honeymoon. We drove, what, four hours away from our house? And, um, it was beautiful. It was budget friendly, but we had so much fun. Because it's not about the crazy honeymoon, the expensive stuff. It is about just getting married and celebrating the fact that you got married and a little trip for just you and your husband. And so, yeah, I am all for humble honeymoon. So, as you guys can see, being a traditional wife is making the most of your home situation, taking a home and making it a sanctuary for both you and your family. And I hope this inspires you guys to do something that you love outside of your home and take the time to learn it in your home, because it can make such a big difference and you learn a new skill. Bye.