Ladies, so today I have a fun video idea. I'm gonna share with you guys some tips and tricks to feel more feminine and girly in the gym and to appear that way. And I understand that this is something that a lot of girls want to feel, and I totally get it. So I hope these tips and tricks help you guys. And I'm going to be sharing a little bit of outfit inspiration in this video as well. So let's get started. So this was a really requested video I got when I did a poll on Instagram asking you guys what videos you wanted to see. And feel free to comment here under the comment section what kind of videos you wanna see from me as well, because I'm curious what you guys wanna see more of. And, um. Anyways, so let's get started on this video. So the first thing you wanna remember when it comes to dressing feminine in the gym is do not let the way you look interfere with your workout or getting yourself into the gym. Because the most important thing is that you are getting into the gym, you are working on yourself. You are, um, maybe strength training or cardio or whatever you're doing, you are bettering yourself and your health. That is your priority. Not looking super cute, but there are a couple things you can do to make yourself feel more confident when getting into the gym. And I feel like this is a good time to make this video because it's the beginning of January. I think it's like January 8th or something. So, yeah. Tip number one is comfort and quality. You wanna find workout clothes that make you feel comfortable. The fabric, the fit, and that will make you feel the most confident. So I understand that some people don't like certain fabrics. Some people like a really compressioned pair of pants. Some people like something a little bit more relaxed. Some people want to wear sweatpants, some people want to wear leggings. Find what makes you feel the most comfortable and definitely stick with that style. Personally, I have one pair of sweatpants, and I try not to wear that unless I'm doing something really dirty, and I try to avoid that, even at the gym. But it's okay to wear sweatpants, because I totally understand the modesty behind wearing sweatpants. But I wear leggings, and that's just what I do. And do what makes you feel comfortable. And there is a way you can wear leggings and be more modest in the gym, and I'm gonna show you guys how you can do that. So let's talk about quality. I do think quality is important, especially when it comes to working out. The worst thing that could possibly happen is if you're working out and you feel like your pants are see through or something's not holding up right. You want to make sure The quality of your clothes is good. So I do recommend splurging a little bit on workout clothes. And when it comes to splurging on anything, I highly recommend splurging on pants. You can't go wrong with a good pair of pants. I think you can actually get cheaper tops and that can totally work. But when it comes to pants, you really wanna make sure that they are gonna hold up for your workout and do what you need them to do. This part is not budget friendly, but I do really like Lululemon leggings. I think that they hold up really well and they do what they're supposed to do. And the feeling of them, the quality, I think it's really great and I would much rather have a nice pair of pants than a nice top. And you don't have to ever worry about pants being see through with Lululemon. At least I've never had that issue. So I do recommend them. And I will say this, I have accumulated quite a few Lululemon clothes because when I was in my bodybuilding phase, having really nice workout clothes was a really big priority of mine. So I do highly recommend them. But you don't need that many. You can have two pair of pants and a couple tops and just wash it more frequently. The most important thing is that you are getting in the gym. So now let's talk about colors. Colors I think are so Important because what you wear and the color of it, I think, can really help when it comes to working out and getting ready for the gym and feeling cute. So me personally, I love bright colors, and this is a pair of Lululemon pants. These are just, like, watercolor floral pants. They're, like, my favorite pair, and I don't know, I feel more confident. I feel really happy when I wear bright colors. But my younger sister really likes dark colors, so she has a lot of navy, blues, dark purples, blacks in her workout collection, because that's what she feels most confident in. So pick colors that make you feel confident and make you feel happy. So say I were to have these two pants, the way I would style it is I would get a gray or a black top, and then I would have a white top, and then I have two pair of pants and three tops, and I could cycle them off, and that way I could still get to the gym and still have cute workout clothes and have good quality workout clothes, but I wouldn't have to worry about having but so many. And then over time, you can add a little bit to your collection. So now let's talk about styling a little bit. So when it comes to the gym, I'm really simple with my styling, but you can add a little details to make yourself feel a little more Girly. So for me, I love little scrunchies in my hair, and I have quite a few colors, and I just enjoy kind of matching it to my top or my pants or something like that. And that's what makes me feel, like, cute. And I'm. I'm really happy scrunchies made a comeback, because, I don't know, they're adorable. But you could also put a little ribbon in your hair, and it's a cute little detail that hopefully keeps your hair pulled back. But again, you want it to function properly for your whole workout. The last thing you wanna worry about is your hair ribbon falling out while you're running on the treadmill, right? So that's not a priority, but it can be a cute little detail if it works. And now I wanna show you guys how you can take a basic shirt and a pair of leggings and make it more modest, especially if you're doing leg day and you're in a co ed gym and you just wanna cover up when you're doing certain workouts like squats or Romanian deadlifts. So what I always do is I take a jacket with me to the gym, and I tie it around my waist like this, and it. It's. It works great. I can do my workouts, and I don't have to worry about, um, my behind sticking out and drawn all that attention. So I always bring a jacket with me to the gym, and I also Wear this when I'm doing cardio or something like that. But if you have longer shirts, that works too. And that is my other option is I always bring an oversized shirt to the gym. This is just my husband's shirt, and I always bring this as well. So it's either the jacket around the waist or an oversized shirt when I want to conceal more of my behind. That's a little tip. So when it comes to makeup or no makeup, I think you should think about the rest of your day after you workout and before you workout, because I think it's just a personal preference. I wear makeup to the gym. I always have. I really. I don't care to take off my makeup just to go to the gym. And it's never affected me to wear makeup. But for some women, they break out really bad if they wear makeup to the gym. So just figure out what works best for you. But I don't think there's any shame in wearing little makeup to the gym. So another little tip I have is wearing a little bit of a light, light perfume. This is just a peppermint perfume, so it's very light and it's very refreshing, and it makes me feel a little bit more put together when going to the gym, and I smell more clean and stuff like that. I wouldn't wear something super sweet to the gym. I just wanna wear something light. And refreshing. So I think I found this one at a gas station. I don't know. Gym accessories. Okay, this is really fun because I kinda needed this stuff to go to the gym anyways because this warms up my legs and I can also use this for different workouts. These are resistance bands, and since I needed them anyways, I invested in shades of pink so there's medium light and strong resistance. So these are just like one of those little cute things that make me feel better when I do my workouts. And they're a little bit more girly and a little bit more feminine. And I have my clips. These are all from Amazon, both the clips and the resistance bands. And again, just a fun accessory. I have pink ankle straps. Again, these are on Amazon. A pink gym bag. This is Nike. I've had this for like seven years and it holds up really great. And a pink water bottle. No, this is not a Stanley. This is not a Hydro Flask. This is some knock off one I found at TJ Maxx. And I don't know, it's like my comfort water bottle. And one more tip I want to add is invest in good quality sports bras that hold yourself together and make you feel more comfortable when you're doing these different workouts in the gym. That's really gonna be a lifesaver, especially if you're running, jumping, or doing anything like that. So now I'm gonna show you guys a couple outfit ideas, and these are all Lululemon. I'm sorry these are not budget friendly. I haven't shopped at Lululemon in 3 years, so I don't know if this stuff's available, but I'm gonna show you anyways. So those are some tips for dressing and feeling more feminine in the gym. And if I can think of any more tips, I will make a part 2. But anyways, thanks for watching. Bye!