Hi everybody. Today I will be answering the question, why do trad wives, traditional wives, use the term trad wife instead of housewife homemaker? Why that term and what is the difference? I wanna make a disclaimer. This is my take on this video. This is what I have gathered from other traditional wives as well as myself included. But there are other traditional wives who have also done videos like this. I will tag them in the caption or the comments, so feel free to go check out their videos. They are lovely. Traditional wives here, online as well. The media will tell you traditional wives are. That is false. And now we're gonna get into this video. So to preface this, let's go over what a traditional wife is, or just a more basic understanding. A traditional wife is a woman, a wife who adheres to traditional gender roles in her marriage. Wife, homemaker, husband, provider. So now that you know that, let's go into some of the more in depth reasons why we use traditional wife. I want to add that other women in this circle, along with myself, we do interchange the words tradwife, housewife and homemaker. There are some differences, but we've all used these terms. One of the differences with traditional wives is our priorities and our values. Traditional wives are all over the world. They come from all sorts of different backgrounds, faiths, ethnicities. But today I will be talking about Christian traditional Wives. Christian traditional wives believe in biblical submission, so this is a topic that you will see often in the traditional wive community. That is why we talk about submitting to our husbands. And this does not mean the wife is of less value than the husband. But our husbands do have the most authority in our marriages. So going back to the difference between housewife, homemaker, trad wife, you can have a wife who stays home, adheres to traditional gender roles, but she might not believe in submitting to her husband. But Christian traditional wives do believe in this. On to the next point. It is not uncommon for traditional wives to supplement their husband's income. The Proverbs 31 woman was very enterprising. Therefore, it is not uncommon to see traditional wise sell things online, such as ebook cookbooks, aprons, handmade baby clothes, handmade skincare. Some traditional wives will watch children, be mothers, helpers, doulas, dog walkers. The keyword here is supplement the husband's income. And not all traditional wives need to make a little extra money. But this is also what makes being a traditional wife so realistic. Supplementing your husband's income is usually just a little extra money. It's not going to be enough to obviously live off of, but it can help. And it could be the difference between getting generic produce or organic produce for your family. It could be the difference between putting nicer clothes on your children and getting your hair done, or Your nails done, if that is something that is important to you and makes you happy. But our priority is at the home and with our family. So while we may supplement our husband's income, it does not come before our home, our family. That is our number one priority. The husband's number one priority is to protect and provide for his family. The traditional wife's priority is her home, her family. But of course, if she wants a secondary source of income, a little extra spending money, she can totally do that. So that is the difference between a maybe modern housewife and a traditional housewife. As a traditional wife making a little extra money, it might also be a seasonal thing for you, because the commitment is not always the same as maybe a full time job, if that makes sense. So when people are commenting on different traditional lives pages saying, aren't you making money? Or this and that, we aren't offended. To make money, it's okay to bless your family. Our priority is at home and our family. But there's nothing wrong with a woman making a little extra money. And it is very traditional for a wife to do that if she wants to. Traditional wives believe in budgeting and frugality. Our priority is our lifestyle. So if we have to sacrifice certain materialistic things, we will do that because we want to continue living this way. And if we have to have less things, In our life we will do that. Traditional wives love thrifting. Our clothes might be second hand, our homes might be filled with used goodies, but that is okay because we love a deal. Traditional wives love dressing nice even while at home because we spend most of our time at home for some of us. And we enjoy celebrating being wives and putting our best foot forward every single day. We know our husbands love coming home to a put together wife, so we do enjoy dressing up for our husbands. So as you can see, being a traditional wife is a lot about your values and your priorities as a wife.