Okay, I wanna make something very clear here. I do not hate Taylor Swift. Okay. I do not hate Taylor Swift. Okay. Right. I'm going to the eras to up just to be completely transparent. I will be there. I'm a Gayla. I'm a Kayla. I'm a I'm a Swiftie. Okay. I'm a Swiftie. But here is the thing and I've said it on here before and I'll say it again. The most important thing we need to be able to do as feminist when we raise our feminist consciousness is we need to be able to hold contradictions in our mind. We need to be able to hold contradictions. Being a woman in a patriarchy, one of our biggest strength is to learn how to hold contradictions. I love pop music. I love being a girly pop. For me, that symbolizes so much in my life. Like it symbolizes my freedom. It symbolizes my ability to just be a girl and be a girl's girl. It symbolizes I fuck you to all of my exes who thought that they had better taste in music than me. It symbolizes just joy and freedom and clocking off and switching off and just being able to enjoy something for the sake of it. Because my full time job is being a professional feminist. I am I have a doctor in feminism. I run a feminist text startup. I run a feminist consulting agency. I run a feminist TikTok. My full time job is being A feminist and using my brain in that way. So for me, being able to like indulge myself in like pop culture is like genuinely something that feels like an indulgence and something that I love to do and something that's important for me in my personal life to be able to embrace completely Taylor Swift. And loving Taylor Swift also symbolizes my relationship with my little sister who has like Taylor Swift is like her special interest and we've always connected over it. And like we're going to the concert together and it's just something that me and my sister just are able to fully connect over. And to me, that is like very beautiful and very important. Also, just think being a Taylor Swift fan is so much fun. And I often just feel like people who don't get it are missing out because it is just like fun to be a part of this community. However, we need to be able to freely hold people in power to account and we need to be able to love something. Like you love Harry Potter, but you can still critique JK. Rowling or critique the books themselves, like the podcast, which please does a really good job of that. You can, you need to be able to like fully love this and you do this with love. You're like, I love this thing and I care about this thing and I can also critique this thing. And those two things can both be true. At once when you love and care for something, you want it to work out. You want it to be okay. And I think we need to be okay in this world. Like things are complex. We know so much. We got just like social media and globalization and just like this crazy economy and these wars. And like one of your best tools in your tool belt for still being able to enjoy life and turn down your critical dial and not let it all overwhelm you and enjoy the things you love, um, even if they're slightly problematic, while also being able to analyze and kind of critique those things as well. And knowing how to do those things at once is gonna be like one of the most valuable like intellectual tools in your toolkit for surviving in what I feel is an increasingly apocalyptic kinda world. So that's what I think about that.