August of 2,014, the body of Tina Fontaine, 15 years old, was discovered on the Red River. She was wrapped in a blanket, weighed down and thrown into the Red River. And when the police announced her discovery, the murder of this, of this young girl, for the first time in Winnipeg's history, perhaps even across the country, the lead investigator at the time, I think one of the reporters had asked, you know, like, how do you feel about this? And for the first time ever, a police officer, an investigator said, well, she was a child. We should all be enraged. It was kind of the first time that you saw emotion, but it was also kind of the first time that you saw a police officer, investigator, a policing institution construct, um, one of our missing and murdered as a child, which she was. And what that did was it galvanized certainly the public in Manitoba, but it also galvanized the public across the country. Her little face, her little innocent child face was strewn all over media across the country. And because of that, there was this pressure on the government at the time to call a national inquiry. Michelle Audet was part of that. A lot of us were a part of that. There was lots of indigenous women and families across the country that were calling for a national inquiry. In December of 2,014, the former prime minister, Stephen Harper, was interviewed by Peter Mansbridge and Peter Mansbridge said to him, you're getting a lot of pressure. Are you looking at a national inquiry? And the prime minister of Canada at that time said, well, honestly, it's not on our radar at this time. We'll have some ministers talk to people that are concerned about this issue. In February of 2,015, because of that, because of Tina Fontaine, because of those cold and callous words from a sitting prime minister that was pressured to hold the first ever national round Table that was held in February of 2,015. It was here held here actually in Ottawa. It was the first time that Canada uh, and provinces and territories and indigenous um, uh, N a O's sat together alongside uh, m, m, I, W, G families and uh, indigenous women activists was the first time ever. At that meeting if you will recall around that same time, the minister responsible for Aboriginal affairs was a man by the name of Bernard Del Gore. And what did he say during all this time that was going on Tina calls for national inquiry. What did he say? He said, well, 70% of the murders, the people that do the murders and steal indigenous women are done by indigenous men. That was very intentional. It was intentional because he was trying to blame indigenous peoples and, and minimize the systemic system, systemic racism and systemic misogyny and anti indigenous racism so that it made Canada not culpable for what's going On across the country um fast forward to October 2,015 there's a change in government there was an active um coordination from families and indigenous women to push the new government to call a national inquiry December, I think it was December 5th or 6 uh 2 thousand uh 15 the new uh federal government calls a national inquiry and February 2,016 was the second national round table on missing and murdered indigenous women and girls we hosted it in Manitoba. We had almost I I can't remember and and one of my colleagues that helped me uh coordinate that I think we had like 350 m m I W G 2 s families and and uh uh premiers and ministers we had um all kinds of MPs attend that and we started this work in a really good way with the new government. We gave out we gifted blankets to the families um Carolyn Bennett sat in circle uh with m m I W G2 s families. I think we were there until midnight. We had a sharing circle uh the national inquiry of course why am I saying all of this? I'm saying all of this because I understand the frustration but I also want us to to remember and to recognize that work is happening and what's the theme between all of that and where we are today is our women is m m I W G2S families it is our women and m m I W G2S Families that have paved the way, planted the seeds, did the work with blood, sweat and tears so that we are sitting here in 2,024 with the most ministers that have ever come to a round table with a new minister. And this is, listen, I, I'm an NDP. I'm not to, you know, to trying to prop up the Liberal government. But I do want to give props where props are deserved. We have a minister who has sat with us on and off. He's a little bit busy, but sat with us for 48 hours and has reiterated his commitment to making things right and to doing this work. So I, I just wanna say that, that, I know it's frustrating, but we, but we are moving in the right direction. And, and a perfect example of that, and this is my final comment, is Haley Rose, Tyler, George and Samantha, Jack. These young ones are our future. You are our future leaders. And it is an honor to sit at this table with each and every one of you. All of us at the table are so impressed with you. And we want you to know that we support you and we love you. Thank you.