here are the first three things women notice in men this will determine if she wants to pursue you or if she wants to run away from you No. 1 physical;your height and build usually women want a man who is taller and larger than them they want someone that makes them feel protected and safe and they also want someone that they feel dainty next to obviously this varies depending on what a woman is attracted to or interested in but this is still something women first notice they notice if you're in good shape do you work out? do you look like you work out, do you take care of your body? No. 2 confidence do you make eye contact? how do you carry yourself do you carry yourself well? are you confident? are you making eye contact when speaking? do you have good posture? are you able to hold a conversation and are you able to speak with confidence or do you seem shy uncomfortable and with hunched over shoulders? Women will notice that instantly they wanna feel safe and protected. next time you approach a woman you wanna carry yourself with confidence or as Gen Z would say with RIZZ be charming, personable, hold a conversation while making eye contact! this helps influence how women will treat you and how she'll think you're interesting part 3 your hygiene scent, your smile do you smell good? do you have a good aura around you? let's be clear you don't wanna smell too overpowering but you wanna smell clean maybe a little musky women want a man that smells masculine so don't forget to keep up with hygiene, don't forget to brush your teeth, if you want a woman to be close to you you better have good smelling breath if you want a woman to feel comfortable getting close to you woman are instantly gonna get turned off if they can smell your bad breath or maybe you have something in your teeth it's kind of a turn off. make sure you're staying on top of your hygiene, make sure you smell good if you want a woman to be attracted to you! if you have good hygiene women will be more likely to open up to you and want to be close to you so reflect on these three things next time you're trying to pursue your love interest or even when heading out in public because you never know when or where love will find you!