Today, Justice Alito continued to voice his discontent with a Virgo Velvee Hodges. Let me explain, all right? So if you want the Supreme Court to hear your case, you have to be like, hey, Supreme Court, where you hear my case? Like, here are the deeds. And the Supreme Court will usually say no, and that's called denying certiary. So this is about a denial of certiary out of a case in Missouri. But instead of just denying it, just a. Soledo was like, um, hold on. I just, like, have a few things that I wanna say real quick. The plaintiff in the case is Miss Jean Finney, a lesbian, who sued her employer, claiming that they discriminated against her and retaliated against her for her sexuality. During jury selection, Jean Finney's lawyer asked the judge to remove three potential jurors, all express that they believe homosexuality is a sin, on grounds that they could not be impartial in this particular case. The judge grant, at the request, struck the jurors, and the state of Missouri appealed, arguing that the jury selection process had been discriminatory based on religious grounds. The Pelo court sided with the lower court judge, explaining that, no, these jurors weren't eliminated because they're Christians. They were properly eliminated because of their beliefs about homosexuality. That would impair their ability to be impartial in this specific case. And at this point, the state of Missouri petitioned for certiary of a Supreme Court. The Supreme Court declines to hear the case because of a separate procedural issue, which Justice Soledo agrees with, but he writes separately anyways to express his concerns. A LEO calls the lower court's decision dangerous and claims that by questioning the impartiality of jurors who literally say that they are biased against gay people, that is akin to the government labeling them as bigots and treating them as such. This is not the first time that Alito has expressed that he is much more concerned with homophobic individuals. Ability to discriminate against queer people in our public institutions through law with the backing of the government. Then he is gay people's right to do process inequality under the law. I'm the feminist lawyer. I'm gonna pin two other videos that I have on the threats to a burgofow. Ask me any questions that you have in the comments.