Today is my husband and I's fourth wedding anniversary, so I decided to wake up super early and make some bagels and cream cheese from scratch. I started by making my bagel dough by combining warm water with yeast, adding some flour, brown sugar, and salt. I needed that in my mixer until it came together, and then I turned it out and needed it by hand for another six to eight minutes. Once that was soft to the touch, I put it in my oil bowl and covered it with a shower cap and a kitchen towel. Then I got started on making my cream cheese. So I added some whole milk to my pot with some lemon juice and let that go until it curdled. Once all the way was separated, I poured it into my strainer lined with a cheese cloth and let that cool and then pressed out all the liquid, added that to my food processor, and let that go until it was smooth. In the meantime, I pulled my garlic out of the oven, let that cool while I sliced up some chives and added both of those things to my cream cheese with a good pinch of salt and some of that olive oil. By this point, my dough was almost double in size, so I cut it into eight pieces and form those into little balls before poking a little hole in them and stretching that out to resemble a bagel. I Repeated that process with all eight pieces, and then covered those while I prep my honey and water, add all of my toppings laying out. And then the bagels went in the water for about a minute on each side before I put them on my Parchment paper. Paper. I brushed some egg wash on them and then layered my toppings on. So I did a few different ones. Sesame, smoked sea salt, cheddar, and Fresno chili. I baked those for about 25 minutes, and they came out looking so perfect. But he always needs his toasted, so he did that, and he gave them a 10 out of 10, which is very rare. I was very pleased with that. And then I made mine with my roasted garlic and chive cream cheese and the pickles I made the other day. At this point, look, he's already had three bagels, so I would say he enjoyed it.