Here's everything my toddlers ate today. I just wanna start off by saying that they eat whatever my husband and I eat. We don't make them any separate meals. This is also not what everyday looks like. So I started off with breakfast. They had a cup of milk and then I started making this French toast casserole. Combined all of my wet ingredients and then poured them over my sliced up sourdough bread. And then I made a crumble topping to go on top before I popped in the oven. In the meantime, I also made a peach vanilla puree to go on top. Once it was cold, I served them up a piece with that puree and some cherries, and that was their breakfast. Lunchtime rolled around. I always need a lunchtime pick me up. You guys know that today was iced mango juice. I've just been craving mangoes. Then I got started on making some pasta and letting that rest while I thinly sliced up my fennel and onions. Cause I was making a caramelized fennel and onion pasta. I let that go on the stove while I rolled out my pasta dough. This was such a simple dish to make, but it tasted so good. And once that was done, I just toss the pasta in the sauce. I also added some peas and then topped all of that with a lot of Parmesan cheese. Tied them over until dinner. I made them a little snack. These oranges are so good. They also had some pickles that they wanted more of and the granola bars I made the other day. Then I wanted an early dinner, so I made roasted potatoes. I started by peeling about four russet potatoes and chopping them up into large cubes and then par boiling them. So a little secret. Add baking soda to your water. Once those were done, I strained them and then shook them in the pot before pouring them in my hot skillet that was coated in duck fat. I let those go in the oven for about an hour, but I kept flipping them to get an even crust on all sides. Cut up some Brussels sprouts and then seasoned my chicken with some salt and pepper before hand searing it. I basted it with some butter, thyme, and Rosemary and put that in the oven to finish off. And I made some quick balsamic and honey glazed Brussels sprouts before letting my chicken rest. Then I plated it all up and I had some leftover gravy in the fridge that I thought was gonna go perfect with this. And it did.