have you guys ever noticed how women have way more competition than men in dating? the competition women have in dating is crazy! I swear I'm always seeing 10/10 women; drop dead gorgeous, smoke shows, just running around with great bodies, whatever all the time, I see them all the time! whereas, men, I rarely see a good looking, well dressed, fit man. (maybe that's because I'm spoken for and I'm not looking but) and I'm also not saying that you have to be all those things to be attractive I'm just saying you rarely see good looking men whereas when you see women everywhere, they're all gorgeous, everywhere. you walk into a grocery store, restaurant, park, concert, or even gym and there's gorgeous women everywhere there! so dating as a woman is kind of hard, because there's drop dead gorgeous girls everywhere! especially if you have a hot man, because all these other gorgeous girls are also checking him out. I don't think guys will ever understand this? do they ever have to worry about that? and maybe this is all circumstantial, but it's hard when you live somewhere where the weather is always nice and there's gorgeous girls walking around! but if you have a good man that you can trust that he's not checking out every girl in front of you that's amazing! cause when a guy checks out another girl in front of you, that hurts your ego so bad! and you wanna be like okay, I'll do it to him and check out another guy. but there are like no attractive guys anywhere Not only that girls don't lust over guys like men lust over women they see an attractive woman and they instantly want to sleep with her women lust over men after they know your personality or your character like don't get me wrong we can acknowledge a good looking man and leave it at that whereas with men it's a little different and obviously I'm not saying every guy or girl is like this because I'm sure there are people who are like this all I'm saying is at the end of the day it's a lot harder for women to date than men but hopefully you have a good man and you don't even have to worry about this.