five ways you can keep your man and keep your man happy follow these five things if you wanna be a good wife or girlfriend to your partner this ensures your man is happy and it'll help prevent your man from cheating number one always have food ready on the table okay food really is the way that a man's heart okay he's not gonna be going to a drive thru or restaurant where he can talk to a cute girl behind the register or have a girl serve him no that should be your duty men connect food with happiness so always, always remember to make sure he's fed No 2 show affection. take initiative, hug him, kiss him, show him everyday how happy he really makes you! men are big on affection they wanna feel special, just like we do. if you're not doing this he's gonna be looking for elsewhere he shouldn't have to beg for affection or beg to have his needs met as a man No. 3 clean for him clean the house, do his laundry, always make sure his clothes are cleaned. and don't get annoyed with him because he needs help to do his laundry. if it’s easy for you, but hard for him. why don't you just help him out? make sure the house is tidy as well. a man is more likely to want to come home to you, or stay home if the house is tidy and clean. he'll appreciate this and not only that why would he ever leave a good woman who takes care of them? No. 4 do not bicker or complain to him. men do not have a taste for drama. so leave that for your girlfriends. he wants to relax when he gets home, so if you're always complaining or bickering at him to do something, he's not gonna feel like the man of the house. and guess what he'll be looking outside of your house to feel like the man. No. 5 be his peace. you should be the one that where he gets home, you melt his stress away. simply understand his needs and provide him with such. if he needs to relax or unwind, let him. This ensures he won't be wandering off looking for other girls to be his peace. you be his peace, and that will make him happy! So always make sure he's never hungry, show him affection, keep the house tidy, make sure his needs are met, and be his peace. it's that simple. and you'll be able to keep your man happy