These are the things I prep to make my week just a little bit easier. This week I started off by making some Cheez its. I combined all of my ingredients and then let the dough rest in the fridge. My bananas weren't as ripe as I wanted them, so I popped them in the oven to ripen and then got started on making a chocolate banana bread this week. Usually make a loaf a week because it's so easy and quick to make and everyone loves it. Then I boiled my chickpeas for the hummus I was gonna make later while I prepped a cucumber and herb salad. I chopped all my ingredients really fine, added some feta, and did a really classic olive oil lemon vinaigrette. This goes well on everything. Then I moved on to making Moroccan meatballs. For the protein I used some ground beef. And do not forget to put cinnamon in your meatballs. I promise it's so good. I pulled my cheese a dough out of the fridge and sliced it into little squares or rectangles. Then I put holes in them, pop them in the oven, and once they were done I let them cool while I made my hummus. I went for a cilantro garlic hummus this time around. My husband wanted different types of proteins prepped, so I made a quick teriyaki sauce to make teriyaki chicken. I let that thicken up on the stove while I sliced up some apples. For my kids, and also some broccoli just to have it handy. And then it was time to put everything away. I put away my hummus and moved on to my salad. I like making smaller quantities of things just because I get over the flavors really quickly. Put away my Cheez its, then moved on to my broccoli and apples. I also put some lemon juice on my apples to keep them from Browning. My teriyaki chicken and that same morning I started making some Korean shredded beef in my crock pot, so I put that away as well. Since that was done. Is so versatile. I put it on sandwiches, rice, tortillas, anything. And that wraps up my meal prep for this week. I don't put my banana bread in a separate container because it's usually gone in two to three days anyways.