Let's do our makeup together while I tell you a few facts about me. Because there's so many new people on here. So. Hi, everyone. My full name is Nora Aziza Smith. I was born on September 27th, 2,001. So I'm 22 years old, and I'm a Libra. I was born in Bloemfontein, South Africa. My mom's South African and my dad's German. And we moved to Germany when I was about three months old. Because I guess they wanted me to grow up in Germany. I've lived in Freifor, Germany, my entire life. We never moved. And I speak two languages. English and German. Dutch on English, then vitamin and motosh. Pothom. Then as soon as I turned 18, I moved to California, even though I've never been before. I'm the oldest of three siblings. I have a younger sister who's 18, and then I have a younger brother who's twenty. I also have a half brother on my mom's side who lives in South Africa. When I was 14, I got scouted by a modeling agency. And I've been doing modeling ever since then. That's also how I met my husband. After six months of dating, we got married and then had two kids and were pregnant with our third. We have a daughter. Her name is rumble. And we have a son. His name is slim. My husband also has a daughter from his previous relationship. I've always wanted to be a young mom because growing up, my dad would Always tell us that he regrets having kids later in life. So I took that advice, and it's one of the best decisions I could have made, and I know it's not for everyone. I was always very mature and independent and did a lot of things at a very young age. So I never feel like I'm missing out on any of the partying, any of that, because I've done all of that. I grew up playing a lot of instruments, from the saxophone to the flute to the piano, but I ended up playing the piano for about eight years. I think I also worked at a smoothie shop while I was in high school. I was just so slow that no one really wanted to work with me, so I got overwhelmed and quit. I'm a very routine, organized person, so I do not do well if I'm not on a routine or. When I finished high school, my plan was to study marine biology, but my plan shifted, and now I'm cooking a lot more and being on social media. I know that my religion is a very hot topic on the internet. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm still learning and figuring out my own faith. I'm not in any way a hardcore Mormon or anything like that. I don't wear garments. I didn't get married in the temple. Both me and my husband are on our own journeys and figuring out how we Want to raise our kids. I've always loved cooking, but I just recently, in the past year, have gotten really passionate about it. It all started when I was dealing with really severe eczema, and I had to make sure that what I put in my body would be good for my body. And that's kind of how I got into nutrition and food and cooking also. My regular lip combo is MAC lip liner and Cork, and then I either do the benetint or the beneflora in the middle. And then sometimes I do a gloss on top, or I do the Brown Summer Fridays Dream lip oil. I line my lips, and then I go in with this. I've also never gotten anything done to my face. A lot of people think I've gotten lip filler, which I have not. And there we go.