TikTok ban we've all been hearing about it all across the platform did you know that Jeff Jackson our congressman voted for in favor for this TikTok ban he explains his reasoning being that “China could potentially utilize this platform TikTok to radicalize us against the United States” The dichotomy there is uncanny when you know what's radicalizing us against the United States, more than any social media platform? the blatant fact that no one can afford to live here. everyone is scraping by living paycheck to paycheck The housing market has become so crazy that no one can afford to pay their own rent forget about TikTok and China why not unanimously vote on this issue so you can help your people? Do you realize how many Americans use this platform, TikTok, just to make some sort of extra cash? Because they can't afford gas, groceries, basic necessities to survive in the United States. This is literally in your hands, we the people vote you in to have our best interest at heart. what are you doing about it? who is actually radicalizing the people against United States? why are they not acting like this is a big deal? changing parent companies is going to change the platform completely this will affect every American who uses this platform for some sort of extra income and or potentially take away their income entirely what message are you really trying to put out there? the US people are upset and we have a right to be upset, and you can argue people don't actually understand what you’re trying to do, well whose fault is that? you passed this Bill in record time, more than any Bill in history We don't need discourse about the dangers of China mining, instead start taking initiative to make real change and help the American people. You’re taking away our right of free speech, and you're taking away our marketing tools. how are we supposed to make it by now, you're affecting the lives of so many of us, You should be finding solutions to protect our interest. this platform has helped me, and so many other American people improve our lives with the information we're able to access changing that will change the platform completely believe it or not it WILL filter out what people are saying and or access to information that's unbiased. Protect us from china? why don't you protect us from the United States?