Things millennials are boycotting in their late 20s early 30s No.1- After work dinner or drinks we are not participating, go home and eat with your family. we do not have the energy or time or money to be wasting on after dinner drinks or dinners. You could, even be my work bestie but after I've hung out with you all day long, No, I'm going home and so should you. If we work together all day long, and you want me to continue this long day? we're not doing that anymore. We are too tired for that, our social battery is just to get us through work and that's it. It runs out as soon as it's time to clock out No.2- Parties or Binge drinking Hard pass, if I over drink one more time I'm convinced the next event we’ll be both attending, is my funeral We're past that. If you wanna host a sober game night, im there. But if you wanna drink tequila shots up until 3am while you complain about your family, no, we're not doing that. No.3- driving over 20 minutes to hang out I'm sorry but if you don't live within that 20 minute radius, you'll probably never see us. Drive over 20 minutes somewhere and then drive 20 over 20 minutes back? No, we’re too tired so adding a long commute or traffic on top of that? it's not worth it we're not doing it come to me or move closer, I don't know what to tell you No.4- Going to a second location if we meet up for a drink or at a restaurant, we will not be going to a second location to get another drink. You’re tipsy after one drink and you wanna keep the party going? No, find someone else we're not doing that You want to go to a second location just to drink okay, who's driving? who's gonna cure my week long headache? think about the logic of what you're asking me to do, you're out of your mind we're not doing that I'm sorry but we're millennials we've been there, done that we don't need a reminder of the chaos we lived in our young years millennials are boycotting all of these things so don't let it come as a surprise when your millennial friend decides to stay home and choose peace over anything