Do you wanna learn how to have good conversations? if you learn this one thing, this will completely change your life why? Because your friends, your influence, your closest friends, and your circle, have the most impact on your income you're not worth More than anything in life, there's been plenty of studies to prove this. So it's important to know how to grow that network of friends. Here's an easy way to do that, when someone tells you something about themselves people usually go with two routes. Either 1: they ask a qualifying question to learn about the person or 2: they relate it back to their lives For example, if someone tells you “oh I just got married” and you turn around and say, “no way really, I did too” you related it back to yourself to find commonality, but what you did was just try to one up the person. Here's why you shouldn't go that route, because they will instantly feel disconnected with you and the conversation. They’re going to feel like that conversation isn't necessarily worth having, because all you wanna do is talk about yourself. Yes, you related but you didn't take the opportunity to get to know them better. Instead what you should do is ask questions, people wanna talk about themselves. Understanding this one thing is critical for conversations, on how you can win people over and influence them. People want to hear their names, talk about themselves, brag about themselves in general, people don't necessarily care about you they wanna talk about themselves. when someone says “I just got married” “I just got a house” What you should do is ask them questions. When did you get married? Oh, how was the wedding? What was the house market like? Ask them questions about what they're sharing with you. Not only that continue to ask questions, you can ask someone so many different questions about one phrase that they said. ask for pictures, ask for greater detail, ask about their experience, they're gonna walk away from that conversation knowing absolutely nothing about you but what they're gonna feel is happy about their conversation with you. Because you made them feel heard and seen. They're going to value making conversation with you in the future. So next time when you have the opportunity to make conversation with someone, be purposeful about it and stop trying to relate it back to you. Instead ask questions about them so they know that you're trying to understand them they feel valued and they feel seen that's how you build connections and when people over through conversations.