Most men do not understand women, so I'm gonna break it down for you. What we say vs what we actually mean If we ask you if you're hungry, what we really mean is, we're hungry and we would like to go out to eat we don’t necessarily wanna go do that by ourselves basically we just want you to say that you're hungry too so we can go get food together it should be pretty simple but most guys don't understand this number two if we say, if you want to it really means we don't want to like we'll do it if it really matters to you, but we don't actually want to do it. No. three if she's ignoring you or keeping her distance she's mad at you that's why she's doing that don't ignore her back what you should do is investigate figure out why she's mad reach out put an effort and you can come to a conclusion on why she's mad and how you can fix that No. four when we send you something on Instagram/TikTok/message whatever it may be, if we're sending it to you, if it's a restaurant an activity we want to do that she's making it easy for you she's taking the guess work out of it so you should schedule it, you should make a plan for us to do that or just ask hey, do you wanna do it this weekend? yes she'll probably jump up for joy, that's why she's sending it to you. Don't just leave it in the message or not reply or heart it, What you do is set up a date! No. five if we say, no it's okay you don't have to, please do it, what we mean is we would really love if you do it, but we don't wanna feel like an inconvenience or a burden to you. But yes we would absolutely love if you did it, ignore what we're saying because what we say doesn't mean what it actually does. if we want water or if you ask us if we want water and we say no, it's okay get the water or if we leave something in the car and we're in our jammies and we don't wanna go out to the car and you ask oh I'll go get it and we say no it's okay go get it it's that simple we don't mean what we say Girl language might sound confusing but once you understand that what we say doesn't actually mean what it does it becomes really easy