you wanna get in shape for your man but you have no idea how I'm gonna share my tips and tricks on how I say lean this is what works for me you can try it out, do or don't, I don't care but every man loves when a woman takes care of herself so follow these tips if wanna look extra bomb for your man if you want him drooling over you I’m no expert or health physician so do with this what you will but I'm just sharing what works for me and maybe it'll work for you too women love to be picked up and tossed around It would probably be a little easier for your man if you were in shape I'm not saying you have to be a twig, I'm just saying you should worry about your health for long term and when you look good, you feel good. So you'll feel a lot cuter for your man You wanna look good for your man? here's my tips tip number one intermittent fasting probably looking at me like are you crazy? if you're usually starving the first thing when you wake up, it probably means you're dehydrated. Instead of starting your day by eating breakfast, drink some water, drink celery juice with lemon that's my favorite thing to do I just feel good when I do it and I have more energy because I'm not tired after eating my first meal. Not every day is perfect some days I eat at different times but for the most part I usually eat my first meal between 12 and 3 I've been doing intermittent fasting for a while now and as soon as I stopped doing it I gained anywhere from 5 to 10 pounds and as soon as I went back to intermittent fasting I lost it relatively quickly this is probably my number one tip in order to lose weight and no I don't count calories I eat large meals I usually have two to three meals (mostly 3) and then if I get hungry I'll have a protein shake or some sort of yogurt with granola and almond butter No. 2 and it's pretty obvious but do some form of exercise whatever it may be yoga, Pilates, hit the gym do you like lifting weights? do you like going on walks? do something to move your body everyday or every other day if you wanna look good for your man. Maybe work out with him guys love that they think it's so hot and attractive when a woman wants to work out with them Any time you see a couple working out together you look at them and say “wow, couple goals” well guess what? he thinks the same thing and you'll give him that feeling. number three stop snacking make sure your meals are big enough and satiating enough where you don't need to snack on some chips If you’re snacking all day, you're usually never full you're always hungry So why not just save those calories for your next meal? I'm not claiming that this is gonna work for everyone, but I'm just sharing my tips and tricks how you can look for your man you wanna feel cute for him and you want him to toss you around or just pick you up for a hug then here are my tips on how I stay lean these are relatively easy and anyone can do this but keep in mind to do what works for you you're gonna capture guys attention in no time