So on Monday, on the day of the total solar eclipse, my best friend, Tom Sweeney, here he is. As I was picking him up from the jail, he was arrested, obviously, and, um, he's currently being charged with a Class B misdemeanor, disorderly conduct. Why was he arrested for disorderly conduct? Allegedly, he was disrupting a university event by using a megaphone as part of a pro Palestine protest that we were holding on Indiana University's campus in Bloomington, Indiana. We were doing nothing illegal, Sweeney said. In fact, we were doing something that most people in the crowd were very grateful was being done. This is true. Um, we were shown a lot of support. Indiana University really showed out for us. Number one, I should have the charges dropped regardless, without a fee, without hours, because there was no crime committed, Sweeney said. Second, the ability to have me with this charge lingering for so many months is a tactic to disincentivize me from participating in any future speech activities that may be disappointing to the university. This, to me, is why he was arrested in the first place. I believe that the Indiana University Police Department simply wanted to make a statement. The university didn't wanna have their precious solar eclipse event being eclipsed by our pro Palestine protest, and they want to dissuade future protesters from participating. There's also this claim that Sweeney was interrupting a live concert at Done Meadow by speaking into a Megaphone and was asked several times to stop before being arrested. This is simply not true. I was there myself to witness that he was not warned or asked to stop before being arrested. We were also in the opposite corner of Done Meadow from where this concert was taking place. Um, the concert was taking place, if you're familiar with Bloomington, in the corner near Kirkwood and Indiana Avenue. We were in the direct opposite corner, and we intentionally went there because it was quieter. Considering that Sweeney's only alleged crime is using a megaphone, I think any reasonable prosecutor is going to drop these charges. Frankly, it's embarrassing that IUPD even arrested him to try and make a statement and dissuade protesters from protesting. Because we're going to continue to resist. The university is going to continue to see protest from students and alumni. If anything, this arrest is only strengthened our cause and strengthened our solidarity.