And I would also like to add that even though the Sydney funnel webs are quite venomous and people do die from Sydney funnel webs, the Sydney fireworks fighter is not aggressive by nature. So you have to provoke one of them pretty badly or like frighten one pretty badly for it to bite you with its stabby little fangs. Whereas I feel like men are just more of a mixed bag like some of them are aggressive by nature and you don't know like their behaviour can be quite unpredictable. Um, you usually don't have to provoke them at all for them to show um aggression or some sort of violence or harassment towards you. And I had two of these spiders watching me shower every single day for about 3 months and they never made a move, not once. And I'm sorry but I just can't say that about a single man that I know. And the other thing about them is that while their bite can be extremely painful, it's quite unlikely that I'm going to need 10 years of therapy to recover from a Sydney funnel web spider which is more than I can say about my ex boyfriend. And if I got bitten by a Sydney funnel web, while I might need surgery to cover up the appearance of the scar as well as a lot of medical treatment, that medical treatment would be covered by Medicare, which is Australia's public healthcare system. This is Unlike other issues that are not covered by Medicare, such as psychologists to deal with the trauma of sexual violence from a man, birth control, which women are expected to look after majority of the time to basically cope with the ongoing threat that it poses to get pregnant to a man and then be tied to that man for the rest of your life, especially if that man is abusive. Alternative healthcare remedies for um things like vaginismus, um chronic thrush and endometriosis that are triggered by sexual violence and gynecological appointments which are extremely expensive and usually you have to pay $250 just for a man to tell you that your pain is imagined but just like men, all Sydney funnel webs should be treated as potentially dangerous. However, unlike men, only 10 to 15 percent of their bikes are actually venomous whereas we know that majority of men have perpetrated sexual violence or sexual harassment or coercive control or gaslighting on a woman at some point in their lives unlike Sydney funnel web spiders, the other important point to note is that um, Sydney funnel web spiders can actually just be eradicated with a can of really strong bug spray that you can buy from your local supermarket whereas it is much harder to eradicate a man from your life once he's decided to sink his little fangs into you and destroy you. It's gonna cost a lot more than 1299. It might cost you your life Or it might cost you years and years of money in therapy and trauma counseling. It might cost you your sense of safety or security. And even if you do try to spray them away, there's no guarantee that they won't come back to haunt you. Or at least, you know, a spider's not gonna go around and tell everyone in its Social Circle that you're a crazy ex girlfriend.