There are people that would really rather hang out with a bear than a man. I am loving this bear discourse but I just have an issue that it's not appropriate in an Australian context cause we don't have bears. So I'm going to pre appropriated for an Australian flora fauna landscape. I would not live with a man. I refused to live with male housemates because it was really important to me that in my home, given what I do that it was a really safe filling space and where I was living, I just couldn't guarantee that there would be a man who I would feel entirely comfortable around with living with. So I chose not to live with men. However, I chose to live with three Sydney funnel web spiders, which if you don't know what they are, they are one of the most deadly spiders in the entire world and people die when they get bitten by these spiders. They're really, really big and they look like cartoon spiders like they have those scary eyes. I had two of them living in my shower watching me shower everyday and one of them living in my kitchen. I do not advise doing this. This is not a smart thing to do. But I would have preferred and did prefer to live with three Sydney funnel webs than with one human man. Eventually I decided that I did need to eradicate them because I was scared that would Bite my dog um, but yeah, I would prefer to encounter an eastern brown snake on a hike in the bush than a man the reason being that eastern brown snakes tend to keep to themselves and not like walk behind you in a creepy way or try to engage you in conversation um, unless you kinda step on them or intimidate them in some way they're gonna leave you alone unlike most men the other reason that I prefer to encounter an eastern brown snake which is a very deadly snake is because if I was to get bitten by an eastern brown snake, um, I could present at hospital with my very clear wound and then no one would ask me like why were you there? Like why were you hiking? Like what what were you wearing? Were you your shorts were too short? Um, were you drinking? Were you drunk? Like were you asking for it? Like what did you do to like provoke the eastern brown? Like maybe you were sending the eastern brown like mixed signals no, no one's gonna ask me that they're just gonna like provide me with the medical support that I need at that time no questions asked. I would also prefer to surf in the middle of the ocean with a shark than with a man because if you've ever surfed with men you'll know that they scream at you they get really intimidating they yell that you're on their Wave and they generally just like take over the entire surf break, um, without a thought for anyone else. It's a really intimidating environment for women to go into and yet sharks mainly just keep to themselves. Most of them aren't dangerous. Um, they could be, but they're generally like not. Um, and they'll just like be there and swim away and you probably won't even notice them unlike men.