Here's everything I eat in a day two weeks postpartum. And as someone that loves to cook, today we're keeping the meals very simple and quick. Started off my day with a hot cup of fennel tea and some water with electrolytes. Still hate the taste of water, so I need to put something in there to make it taste a little bit better. Started making a blueberry sauce and made some gluten free pancakes. Once my blueberries had cooked down, I blend them up and then transfer it over to cool down while I make my pancakes and slice my fruit. When the pancakes are done, I top them with my blueberry sauce and my fruit. I also always take my postnatal vitamins with my breakfast, and this was perfect since I was craving something sweet. You guys know I always need to have my midday beverage. Today it was an iced robus tea with a splash of milk. The past few days, I've just been thinking about making kimchi stew, so that's exactly what I made today. I sliced up some onions, green onions, some enoki mushrooms, and some soft tofu. And I started by sauteing my onions with some garlic and then adding in my chopped up kimchi, my broth, and then all of my toppings. And I also had some wagyu in the fridge, so I popped that in there as well to cook. Once that was done, I served that alongside some white rice. This Meal hits the spot every time, and it's so comforting to me, but I always burn myself because I'm just too impatient to wait for it to cool down. I had a little snack before dinner. It was just some honey crisp apples with some oat butter. At this point, I was so tired, so I just used whatever was in the fridge to make a quick meal. I started by roasting some Japanese sweet potatoes and adding some fresh herbs to my garlic compound butter I made earlier, added some Parmesan cheese to that and top my salmon before putting all of this in the oven for about 20 minutes while I made some garlic chilli sauteed broccolini. Once my potatoes and salmon were done in the oven, I played at that with my broccoli, and this was so good. And I needed a little sweet treat and had some homemade cookies and cream ice cream.