Not only do I totally understand, I 1,000,000% appreciate it, because I don't like hearing advice that just affirms what I already wanna do. I definitely put myself out there for advice, to hear opposing ideas, what other people have to say, what other people have to feel, you know, other people's opinions. You know, I know that I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. You know, I know that I have four children, I pay child support, I don't have a ton of help. I don't in real life, you know, like, day to day. And I've had a relationship with a person that I trust, like, trust, trust. Like, there have been enough moments to, you know, where I thought, oh, boy, where's this gonna go? And I'm always surprised at the outcome. So I feel as safe as possible doing this. Obviously there is risk when you're moving in with a person, when you have children, when, I mean, just anything. There's risk associated with everything. And so I have thought of every possible thing that could go wrong. Him and I have had as many open, honest fucking conversations about everything. Money, what happens if one of us loses our job? What happens? Blah, ABC. And so I think I. I mean, I understand all the risk and the concern, because I would have the same for a friend. Um. And I appreciate it. I love it. I don't. You know, I don't. I'm not Ever gonna be mad that somebody cares enough to give me their honest opinion when it may seem a little bit hard to do that? So I love you so much. Thank you. Thank you for the love, the advice, the encouragement, the support. I am listening. I don't want anybody to think I'm like, no, I'm listening. And it is in my mind. I do genuinely feel like this is the right direction. And I am open to wherever the universe leads or wherever my path leads. So I will keep you guys posted on the journey. He has given notice to his landlord. I gave notice to my landlord. I told my roommate I'm gonna start packing soon. So, you know, I don't know. I'll keep you posted. And I am very much open to hearing opposing opinions, and I very much value them and appreciate them, cause I know that can be hard. So thank you.