I am excited to announce the establishment of an m m I W G2S healing and Empowerment Endowment Fund. The Manitoba government is investing $15 million into the creation of an endowment fund in partnership with the Winnipeg Foundation. Our investment of $15 million will help support directly m m I W G2S families. This endowment fund will help support families access healing and ceremony. This endowment fund will also help support organizations that are indigenous LED and that are working on the front lines and working with m m I W G families. This endowment fund will accept donations from citizens directly from Manitobans across Canada that folks that want to invest will be able to make a donation. We would like to see the endowment fund reach $50 million. We will be ensuring that we are seeking donations from corporate entities, businesses, the like, anybody that says that they believe in reconciliation, that they're on the path of reconciliation, action that, action that and invest in the endowment fund. None of this would have been possible without the work of the families and the courageousness of them. And I remember when I first, my sister first went missing and, you know, how hard, um, it was seeing family struggle, watching families sit by the phone waiting for a phone call or for that, you know, that police officer to come and knock at that door or like Minister Fontaine said, excessively searching. Like there's so many other things that families are Doing that, they need so much more support. So this endowment fund is gonna help support those families. My story is very much the same as, as many indigenous people across this country. I think about my sister and the injustice that was brought upon her during her life and even after her death. I think about my sister's death 23 years ago and how this endowment fund would have helped to bring her body back home. I am very happy to hear that there is this fund that will help pave the way for that support and for the ongoing initiatives that are transpiring across Canada.