So I've been doing my dishes in the shower, which I feel like is a sentence just nobody should say and I've had one of those weeks where I feel like I'm doing a lot of stuff but I have absolutely nothing to show for it. We're working on two room renovations at the moment. One is obviously the kitchen and I wish I could show you but if I show you now you're gonna be left feeling as frustrated as I am because it's not ready and I have no reveal. We were meant to be without a bean shop for one day. It's turned into two weeks which is just classic renovation is always gonna happen like that but still at the time it just feels like a lot and meanwhile I was like, okay that's cool I can't do anything in this room right now. I just have to live with it. Maybe I should turn my attentions to the lounge because that room has been driving me nuts and I have put and committed to five different paint colours in that room and I still like I put a colour on that I think that I gonna like and I look back at it and I just don't like it so today I went out and I bought my sixth paint colour which I'm about to test out on the wall and hopefully that's the one. I've got a good feeling about it but I have Also had a good feeling of the other five. So time will tell. Meanwhile, I'm doing all of the mum stuff, right? School drop off, school pickups, lunches, dinners, activities four out of five nights of the week. And then during the day, it's just, there is just no time. And I always say that I don't think that you can do a room renovation in one room without fucking up the entire rest of your house. So imagine the state of my house right now. We've got two rooms that are torn apart and just everything is everywhere. All, and I'm just, I'm losing my mind. I'm hanging on by the skin of my teeth. I'm feeling like I need to take my big deep breaths. And whenever I find myself in a situation where I feel like there's too much going on and I feel myself getting stressed, the only way that I know how to deal with it is to put on my lobotomy smile and tell myself that everything is fine. Everything is totally fine.