Aneen, good morning, everyone. First and foremost, I just want to acknowledge and welcome everyone here today to this historic meeting for Manitoba and for our people. I thought that it was really important and our team thought that it was really important to have our young ones starters off in a good way because what we're discussing today and what we're doing today is for our young ones and for those next generations. This meeting signals a pivotal shift towards giving the due respect to First Nations leadership as governments and towards honoring indigenous laws for our children and our families. But the reality is that our people have always known how to take care of our children, always. So the commitment that we're making is that there's not gonna be any barriers or not gonna be any foot dragging, there's not gonna be, let me go talk to the bureaucracy or what have you. When you step up to say we're assuming child welfare, you have a minister, you have a provincial government that is going to move quickly and make sure that Anishinaabe kids, Anishinaabe kids, Dakota kids, Denay kids, Cree kids can grow up in Anishinaabe, Anishinaabe, the quota, then a and Cree families. Let's govern in such a way that we don't have to come back here in 20 years and apologize to this generation of children. We finally have a government in Manitoba that we can work with. I think you could all agree. With that, like this thing that we signed here today, this is gonna take teamwork. We have a lot of work to do. But this is literally the first time in our history in this province that we have the means of getting this done. This is literally the first time. And so my solemn promise to everybody is that I am dedicated to that. My door is always open, my phone is always on, and I will always make myself available to everyone because at the end of the day, the only thing that matters, not our titles, not how long we've been in these roles, the only thing that matters is our children. That's all that matters.