If you think dishes in the shower is bad, did I ever tell you about the time that I pissed in a bucket for a week when I was nine months pregnant? And hindsight, that project might have been a bit of a piss poor decision. And I know on TikTok, I always have a project with a crazy deadline, but it's not just on TikTok. Like these are genuinely and authentically the types of situations I find myself in across my life. And I don't know why. Okay, so it's about six years ago, I had a six year old and a four year old and I was heavily pregnant with baby girl. And I had said to my husband that I wasn't gonna do another baby in our current bathroom. We didn't have a bathtub. I really wanted a tub. I wanted to soak my old lady pregnant bones in the tub. I wanted to bath with the baby. I wanted to bath the baby and I just I wanted a tub. For context, we had spent the previous two years like slowly renovating that little house and it was time to do the bathroom. And there's nothing like some crazy nesting hormones to make you tackle an impossible project on your own. And in typical Britain Mart fashion, we had a crazy deadline. We had two weeks to get it done. And that was because those two weeks for the school holidays. So we thought we could Palm our children off to the grandparents for at least a good chunk of that time so that we could do all of the things that we needed to do to make this bathroom happen before the baby arrived and because our house at the time was quite little we only had the one bathroom but the reality of that was that once the toilet was gone the toilet was gone and I don't know how much you know about um pregnant people but we we pee a lot we don't pee a lot in volume but we pee a lot in frequency and I can't believe I'm telling you this I I put a bucket in a cupboard and when I would get up in the night and need to pee I would go and use the bucket and if I needed to go number two's I would drive to the local gas station look this is probably information you don't need to know about me but now you know but anyway we got the bathroom done before the baby arrived cause you know babies are notoriously very judgemental about things like bathrooms and now when I'm doing my dishes in the shower and I'm not in the shower while I'm doing the dishes by the way people asking that on my last video I'm I'm doing them in the shower but I'm not also having a shower although that would be efficient but while I'm doing them I'm Reminding myself that at least I don't have to piss in a fucking bucket.