Tomorrow is International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and biphobia, a day to stand against bigotry and hate against the 2S LGBTQIA community. This year has been a difficult one for our Manitoba 2 s LGBTQIA relatives. Family friendly drag queen story time was targeted by aggressive counter protesters. Proposed book bands in Brandon are threatened to erase queer families from school libraries. National organization pushed misinformation events like the Million March for kids in cities across Canada, including here in Winnipeg. The former PC government not only tolerated this hate, they encouraged it. Heather Stephenson broke her promise to walk alongside the 2S LGBTQIA Manitobans and use her first pride as premiere for a photo op. Members opposite tried to create a narrative about the member for Kirkfield Park that he was a danger to children when he ran to become the first trans man elected to the Manitoba Legislative Assembly. The member for Fort White repeatedly called community concerns about book bands fear mongering while at the same time he was the face of fear mongering ads endangering two ass LGBTQI youth. For years, the member for borderland has routinely refused to clap or stand for two s LGBTQIA Manitobans honored in this very chamber order. Their federal leader Pierre Poliov continues to spread disinformation and ally himself with people who want to harm the two US LGBTQI community. And that entire side of the house made targeting transgender kids a core part of their failed election campaign. Who targets Children, each and every one of them. But Manitobans have shown there is no order, order, order. You may not like what you hear, but I expect respect in this chamber. The honorable minister of families, we go at your honorable speaker. But Manitobans have shown there is no space for hate in our beautiful province. Mənə çovğun. Manitobans showed up with signs at school board meetings and drag queen story times. They attended Brandon school board meetings in the hundreds. Thousands of people even gathered on the steps of this very building to stand up against homophobic, transphobic, so called parental rights movement. Fighting hate and fear with love and joy and support. And when this former cold and callous PC government spoke at last year's Winnipeg Pride parade, Manitobans turned their backs on them and rejected their hate, discrimination and division. Manitobans have shown we believe in a better future together. To our 2S LGBTQIA relatives, no, we continue and will always stand with you and will always fight against anyone who tries to target, devalue, bully or harm you. That includes holding members opposite accountable for what their failed PC government tried to do to you. So when the member opposite gets up to speak in a couple of seconds, don't believe what they tell you, believe what they show you and continue to show you. Because today the only thing they should be doing is getting up in the house and apologizing.