Here's everything I prepped to make my week just a little bit easier. I started off by making some Cheez its. Once the dough came together, I refrigerated it for about an hour while I prepped all my other things. It was time to bake my sour dough bread. I do about two or three loafs a week. I scored my bread and then popped it in the oven for 45 minutes before letting it cool. We've been having a lot of pasta lately, so I wanted some sauce handy with that, so I made a Bolognese. I started off by chopping some celery, carrot, onion, letting that go on the stove before adding my ground meat, some red wine, my tomato sauce, some herbs. And I always save my Parmesan rinds to pop in my sauce to simmer. I usually let that simmer anywhere from three to six hours, but while that was going, I wanted to make something quick to grab as a snack, so I made some lemon Poppy seed. Muffins are perfect for when spring rolls around. They only take about 15 minutes in the oven. I also had potatoes that needed to go, so I boiled them for a couple minutes before tossing them in my lemon mustard marinade. And whenever I wanna have them, I just pull them out and bake them to get them all crispy. By this time, my dough had chilled enough, so I rolled it out, sliced it up, and Assembled all of my little crackers on a baking sheet, bake them until the edges got brown, and then transfer them over once they were cooled. I thought the muffins needed a little lemon glaze, I mix some lemon juice and powdered sugar to go on top of the muffins, put half of them away, and the other half were eaten almost immediately. Also remembered that I got some peaches, so I wanted to make peach and lime jam. I didn't want it too thick, so I found a happy medium so I could also spread it on top of oatmeal or waffles. And to grab this Asian pickled cucumber salad. A lot. So I made a new batch, seasoned it with some Marin, sesame oil, chili flakes, rice wine vinegar, and put that aside. Then I transferred my Bolognese over, and this is everything I prepped.