These censorship laws are springing up provincially and municipally. Trudeau opened the door, so to speak, and these lower level politicians walked right through. For example, in Manitoba, the socialist NDP government has moved Bill 8 to criminalize peaceful pro life expression, an even silent prayer on every taxpayer on public sidewalk within a radius of 50 meters around every abortion facility in the province. And all of these cruel and dictatorial censorship laws have the same goal to silence Canadians who are trying to defend the human rights of preborn children. Lower level politician here. This clip is laden with right wing dog whistles. His portrayal of Bill 8 is inaccurate. Bill 8 does not stop citizens from gathering or expressing their views. Folks can still pray or protest. It's just that now they can pray or protest 150 meters away from a hospital or a clinic or an abortion providers home. As I've always said, anti choice folks are more than welcome to come and pray and protest here at the Manitoba legislature. My Bill will increase safety and dignity for Manitobans accessing a wide range of reproductive health, including abortion. I wouldn't have had to have initiated this legislation if individuals weren't harassing and intimidating Manitobans who are accessing abortion services. It's as simple as that. Finally, let me just say this. Uh, leave it to a man to give credit to another man for all the hard work that we as women have done for decades. In advocating for reproductive justice and ensuring safe abortion access. It's taken me almost seven years to get Bill 8 done. But Bill 8 will receive Royal Ascent on Monday, June 3rd, 2024, and will become law of the land here in Manitoba. I'm super excited and proud of this work. I dedicate Bill 8 to all of the women and gender diverse folks who have fought for abortion access and safety for the last 50+ years. In particular, I dedicate Bill 8 to all of our US relatives fighting the most draconian, archaic, anti women, anti trans, anti queer, misogynistic, patriarchal laws seeking to, to ban abortion. I will always stand with you and I will always raise my voice to highlight what's going on next door and also here in Manitoba.