So we had a recorded vote on our colleague, the MLA for Kirkfield Park, his Bill on trans and two spirited day a visibility important to know that our colleague is uh, the first trans uh person, first trans man ever elected in Manitoba's history just in October of 2023, an extraordinary moment for Manitoba. And so today's vote, recorded vote to stand up in the house and show your support for trans manitobins, for two spirited manitobins. Again, we're also in in the, the start of Pride Month and it's an opportunity to show manitobins, all manitobins that they're valued, that they're respected, that we've got compassion, that we have love and that we will always stand with Manitobans. And two spirited Manitobans, the member for Steinbeck, the member for Borderland, the member for LA Verandre and the member for Springfield Rashad all got up in the house and stood up and voted against Manitobans, voted against Trans Manitobans, voted against two spirited Manitobans. They have trans and two spirited constituents in their constituencies that they represent, that they're elected, that they're paid good money to represent in this Manitoba Legislative Assembly. They do, those four men got up in the chamber and voted against some Manitobans humanity. They didn't even see them enough or respect them enough or care about them enough or have compassion enough for them or see them enough to vote for their humanity. That's a sad day for Manitoba history here. And as I've always Said about the PCs when they show you who they are, believe them. For the last eight years they have shown us over and over and over and over and over again including a mere couple of hours ago who they are. As the minister responsible for gender equity, for the minister responsible for uh our 2S LGBTQI relatives, I am the minister responsible and I take great exception to those four men getting up in the chamber this morning and voting against their humanity. It is shameful and I hope that they'll do what's right and apologize. We have an ongoing savage genocide against indigenous women, girls and two spirit across our territories from coast to coast to coast because for generations people who sat in these very rooms in that very chamber didn't think much about indigenous women girls are too spirited, didn't give consideration to the Protection of indigenous women, girls and too spirited. If you're gonna run for office and you're gonna get elected, you should care about all of your constituents and you should be actively working against harm so that when you come to estimates and you ask the minister responsible about m m I W G2S and what she's doing on 24 7 make the connection that what happened this morning is connected to that violence. There is consequence, there is deadly consequence when you have people elected like the member for borderland, the member for Steinbeck, the member for Laver Andre and The member for Springfield Rashad, who cannot even get up and support and vote in favour of a Bill that gives humanity to trans into spirited Manitobans and then to double down on it. The member for uh, Laverandre just double down in the hallways. He doubled down on that hate and that discrimination and that real harm. So, to me, it's like, it's quite insulting that on the one hand, members opposite are asking me about m, m, I, W, G, and on the other getting up to support harm. The member for Portugal Prairie sat on the committee for my colleague's Bill. And the member said that he was deeply moved, deeply moved by what he heard. And yet he still let his caucus vote in a way that show disrespect and harm and hate and disregard. You can't on the one hand trying back track, but you, you signed on to it, you got elected. And then, and then on the other hand, sitting committee and say you're deeply moved by hearing Manitobans who came to present at committee, who shared their heart, their spirit, their lives, their experiences, their joys, their pain, their trauma. You can't sit through that and then sit in a caucus with four individuals that we know about and be okay with that. There were many that weren't there that didn't vote. Was that strategic? Probably. Who knows? We're talking about violence against women. We're talking about violence against children. We're talking About too spirited. We're talking about m, m, I, W, G2S here this afternoon. You cannot disconnect those questions from what happened in the chamber this morning. They are intimately connected. They are fundamentally connected. And it really is quite disconcerting that the member for Portage La Prairie will sit here and say that he's in support and was moved by Manitobans, but at the same time be perfectly okay with his four caucus members and possibly more voting against the humanity of Manitobans. It just doesn't jive. The member for Dawson Trail said that this was about shaming. This isn't about shaming anyone. This is about pointing out what elected members in the Manitoba Legislative Assembly, what they stand for. Talk about shaming. I don't care if that's what you wanna do, be you, do you whatever, but live with the consequences. There are consequences when we participate in harm. And the consequences is that from now until the day I am no longer elected, I will never let every single member of the PC caucus forget what they did during the 2023 provincial election and what they did this morning on May 30th, 2024, ever.