Hello, I started a business that takes the men out of mentoring. It's called raise the Crowd Studio because it takes a village, right? Some really exciting news about my second business, raise the crowd. I'm also the co and founder of she's a crowd, which is a data driven global tech startup which closes the gender data gap to address sexual violence. But I also started raise the crowd with a couple of other women to support female and non binary founders to thrive and grow their businesses organically and sustainably and achieve their dreams. Now when I was younger, I've been in the social impact space, entrepreneur space for 14 years. And when I was younger, I got paired a lot with mentors and they were pretty much always men back in those days and they would spend all their time telling me how much they respect women or talking down to me and I even got sexually harassed by one of the mentors I was paired with. So we help diverse people solve diverse problems. We don't want more Mark Zuckerberg clones. We wanna see a world where these problems are taken seriously and invested in. I have noticed so many gaps over the years in what is provided specifically to diversity founders. So we have a social worker on board who helps with neurodiversity and things like accountability, mentoring and um, organizational challenges. We do brand development, business development, marketing, grant writing and attracting funding and Every single client gets a personalised development plan and then a social worker checking in with them every single week. We wanna hone in on specifically what women and diversity founders need and provide that to them so that they can thrive and grow, achieve their dreams. We're nominated and we're on the leaderboard for the Spark Business Grants. So that means we just need a couple hundred more votes and then we'll get $10,000 so that we can help you for $10,000. That's gonna allow us to grow our business and support and continue to provide discounts and free advice to as many different diversity founders as we can. I personally could not have started she's a crowd or raise the crowd without help from incredible women and that's what we're trying to do for others. So if any of this resonates with you, please vote for us. We need your votes. We need your support. My team have asked me to come on here and ask you for your votes. Um, you can also get in touch with us if any of this resonates and if you are starting a side hustle, have an idea or have already got a business, but you just need that extra support, um, we'd love to hear from you. So I'll put all the links below. Thank you.