We're gonna be using this tiny little microphone. I'm an ASMR girly, so I love watching these videos. I got some donuts yesterday at Sidecar. This is what we're working with. We got six different flavors, so let's try. These are all the flavors we're working with. I don't remember a lot of them, so let's just try them together. This is our first donut. I think it's an old fashioned with nutmeg, cinnamon and some buttermilk. I've heard that these are really, really good doughnuts. I love the texture of it and it's not too sweet, so I give it an 8 out of 10. Maple bacon one. Lucky picked this one, so I'm gonna have the tiniest little sliver of it. This seems really intimidating. I don't know whether I would usually go for this, but let's give it a try. Hmm. Surprisingly, that was so good. I give that a nine out of 10. There's something about this sweet and savory aspect of this that I really like, which I didn't think I would. My daughter requested the one with the sprinkles, so I'm also gonna just have a tiny little bite of it. I think this one is called confetti cake. The texture of this looks a little bit different, but let's give it a try. Mmhm. It was my least favorite one so far. It tasted more like a cake than a donut. I didn't like that. Didn't like the flavors of it. I give That one, a two out of 10. Next up we have the huckleberry donut. I first got introduced to huckleberries when I went to Montana about three years ago, and they're so good. So I'm very excited for this one. The flavor is really good. I'm not a fan of the texture. Again, it tastes more like a cake than a donut. I do like the Berry flavor of it. I'm gonna give it a 4 out of 10. I don't even remember what this one was, but I think it was a cinnamon churro one. Again, it tastes more like a cake. I don't know what it is about these last three donuts. That one was the most underwhelming one. I get that one out of 10. First two actually really surprised me. All in all, the maple bacon one won this little contest for me.